 The seller sold it for 1750 (including shipping). The product actually retails for 12$ which is around 1000INR- so this was the most disappointing part. If someone is coming from CA, better get it through them.The product itself:PROS:Has a slight slimy gel like texture- easy to spread on the faceCan apply evenly on the face due to the red shade it carriesThe bottle lasts up to a year from opening. (The Ordinary products do not have an expiry date but this bottle had a sticker pasted with mfg and expiry date - which I found shady. Emailed Diecem about it)Exfoliates the dead skin and reveals smoother skinCONS:If you're prone to acne, the first use can purge your skin - which is actually a pro, as this will then reveal the good skin beneath.There is a slight acidy smell to it - very bearable. It's almost not noticeable.The cost in India. (Writing to amazon regarding the product being sold for more than the MRP)My experience:I have a mostly dry/some normal skin on the face with dark complexion. I was afraid that it might dry out my face as this is my first time using a chemical peel - but fortunately no. There was not much of a tingling sensation either. Just slight tingling near my active acne spot. After wiping it off, i followed it with moisturiser. The face was much smoother and there was a clear difference in the skin texture.Please be sure to use sunscreen and avoid the sun within a week of using this. Good luck!-Mon",
 '  Unlike physical exfoliators which damage skin in long run it exfoliates very well without any side effects. Customs duty makes it very expensive for Indians or else it can be used regularly.',
 '  This is a chemical peel which works well for exfoliation of normal-oily skin. Should Be applied over washed and dried face only for 10 minutes as indicated. Might cause tingling sensation the first time or for those whose skin isn’t used to acids. Works to remove dead skin cells accumulation which can clog pores, also reduces blemishes overnight.',
 '  Didn’t work ou for me .Brought after seeing lot of good reviews even in YouTube channel. Thumbs down 👎🏻',
 '  One can use this product 1-2 times in week, at night. Never use vitamin c products when you use any aha/bha products, as it can worsen your skin condition. And sunscreen is a must when you use any acid treatment.',
 '  first of all i cant comment on authenticity of the product ..it had label with expiry which the ordinary products dont have..and it didnt showed me ant results..dont buy it',
 "  Truth be told, it's overhyped. Its not some magic potion in a bottle, its still a good product if you set your expectations realistically and know what it does- which is chemically exfoliating your skin.So that does make your skin soft much like a coffee or walnut scrub but without the abrasive and damaging nature.I cant really say that it's done anything else for my skin, texture or pigmentation wise.It can be quite uncomfortable the first few times you use it. You will get used to it but please for the love of God, do not use it if youve got cuts or an open wound of any sort on your face! This stuff is no joke!!I use it in four days and leave it on for no longer than 10 mins because I dont want to risk any more of my facial features melting off... (I miss my nose)",
 '  Its nice priduct....i can see result within 2nd use of it........feels burning and tingling sensation....but dond worry its bcs of its acidic character......gives best result for pimple acne and scars skin.......dond look for negative commens....go for t.....clean ur face before u apply.....and apply for inly 10 min .......wipe it with wet cloth and wash it followed by.....its an amazing product for me.....',
 '  the product is fake and not the authentic product dont waste your money your much safer ordering from US deciem,ulta and sephora.disappointed 😤😤😤',
 "  Considering the fact that you'd have to pay 2-3k bucks to get this done by a dermatologist it's pretty reasonable. It's good for when you need to maintain in between those chemical peel sessions